docs: Update docs for the new neuron creation (#766)
dfinity/dre: docs/create-a-neuron.md

## Topping up a neuron

You may need to top up a neuron to send more proposals, either more proposals at the same time, or add balance in case some proposal gets rejected. You need 10 ICP per proposal submission.

The **recommended way** to add more ICPs to the neuron (increase the stake) is through the NNS UI. This should be straightforward and you can just follow the instructions in the NNS UI.

Topping up can also be done from the command line but is slightly more involved. We have built a helper utility for this:

```bash
dre neuron top-up
```
Will print you the neuron account address. Then you add funds to the printed account address, and after that you need to run:

```bash
dre neuron refresh
```

So that the staked balance on the neuron is refreshed by the governance canister. Refreshing is typically done automatically when topping up the neuron from the NNS UI.

## (Optional and advanced) Hardware wallet identity

In the NNS UI you can also add a hardware wallet as a controlling entity. You will not be able to submit proposals with the hardware wallet entity though. But you can keep all your funds on the hardware wallet.

Steps:

> 1. After the basic NNS neuron is created, the hardware wallet in the NNS UI.

Reviewer: Something is missing in the second part of the sentence.

Author: Thanks a lot for the detailed review! Much appreciated! :)

> 1. After the basic NNS neuron is created, the hardware wallet in the NNS UI.
> 2. Add the IC NNS Dapp to your hardware wallet.

Author: ```suggestion
1. After the basic NNS neuron is created, add the hardware wallet in the NNS UI.
2. Confirm adding the IC NNS Dapp in your hardware wallet by following the instructions from the hardware wallet.
```

> 3. You can send funds to the hardware wallet address.

Author: ```suggestion
3. You can send funds to the hardware wallet address instead of sending them to the regular address in the NNS UI.
```

## Create a neuron Hotkey

The neuron in the NNS UI (https://nns.ic0.app) needs to be managed with a locally generated private key, in order to be able to submit proposals from the command line.

> This is done though a so called Hotkey. In the NNS UI you need to add a locally generate identity as a hotkey, which means that you will be able to perform actions with the NNS UI identity, by using the locally generated identity.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is done through a so called Hotkey. In the NNS UI you need to add a locally generated identity as a hotkey, which means that you will be able to perform actions with the NNS UI identity, by using the locally generated identity.
```

```
Example output: `wuyst-x5tpn-g5wri-mp3ps-vjtba-de3xs-w5xgb-crvek-tucbe-o5rqi-mae`

## (Optional) Hardware wallet identity

In the NNS UI you can also add a hardware wallet as a controlling entity. You will not be able to submit proposals with the hardware wallet entity though. But you can keep all your funds on the hardware wallet.

> ### Create and Manage Neuron via NNS Frontend Dapp and Internet Identity

Reviewer: I would have expected this to appear before `## Create a neuron Hotkey`. Also, at the moment, it mentions the hardware wallet. Maybe you can just remove that and add the section `## (Optional) Hardware wallet identity` at the very end as a "advanced" topic.

Author: Agreed, let me make the change

1. Send at least 11 ICPs (10 of which are required for proposals submisison, and 1 is aiming to cover all potential fees) to your NNS UI address OR the hardware wallet address.

> 3. Navigate to the Neurons tab in the NNS UI and create a Neuron by staking at least 10 ICP. Confirm the transaction on your hardware wallet.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Confirm the transaction on your hardware wallet.
```
This is only needed if the neuron is controlled through a hardware wallet.

Author: Agreed, cleaning up now. PTAL

Reviewer: Looks good to me :)
